{{item}}

==Obtained From==
;Items
:[[wrapped Baseball Diamond]]

==Notes==
*Is automatically placed in your inventory for you at the beginning of your run, with the message:
*:<center>You throw up your open hand just in time to catch your Baseball Diamond as it arcs out of the afterlife behind you. Ouch, you need a glove!</center>{{acquire|item=Baseball Diamond}}
* Has a [play ball] link.
** Takes you to [[Play Ball!]].
** Clicking the link before recruiting 9 monsters gives:<br><br><center>You need to recruit X foe(s) to play baseball.</center><br> where X is the number of remaining monsters.
** Clicking the link once you have already played 3 innings that day gives:<br><br><center>You've already pitched 3 whole innings today. You better stop before you blow out your shoulder.</center><br>

*Automatically tries to recruit monsters at the end of battle:{{useitem|text=You recruit a <monster> to play baseball. You need X more players.|type=combat}}
:*''or, once you have enough players:''
{{useitem|text=You recruit a <monster> to play baseball. You are ready to play ball!|type=combat}}

:*''or, if the monster image is not exactly 100x100 pixels:''
{{useitem|text=This foe is too big for baseball.|type=combat}}

:*''or, if the monster's name was modified:''
{{useitem|text=This foe is too strange for baseball.|type=combat}}

:*''or, if the monster was a [[:Category:Bosses|boss]] or an [[:Category:Uncopyable|uncopyable]] monster:''
{{useitem|text=This foe is too cool for baseball.|type=combat}}

*Reasons for why a monster would be considered too strange for baseball include: [[:Category:Monsters With Generated Names|generated monster names]] (e.g., [[Copperhead Club bartender]], [[Slime Tube monster]]), [[Monster Modifier]]s (some of the modifiers causing the monster to become too big instead) and [[Eldritch Intellect]] for normally valid [[Eldritch Tentacle]]s. Despite [[Hobopolis]] hobos having generated names, they are considered valid baseball players. Monsters that have [[Steal Monster's Heart|had their hearts stolen]] are also valid.
*Can be placed in [[The Eternity Codpiece]], which continues to allow access to the skills when worn.

{{Collection|12216}}

[[Category:Gems]]