{{item}}

==Obtained From==
;Obsoleted Areas/Methods
;:;Stores
:::[[Mr. Store]] (1 [[Mr. Accessory]])

==When Used==
{{useitem|
text=You fill out the Pen Pal Acquisition form and drop the application in the nearest mailbox. Almost immediately, you get a message from your brand new pen pal, who is apparently a kid named <[[Pen Pal Names|alliterative name]]>. Cool!}}

*''When used with another [[Correspondence|Correspondence]] active an additional message is shown:''
:(Only one correspondent may be active at a time, your Pen Pal subscription is now active and this may be changed in the Options Menu.)

==Notes==
{{IotM Description|date=May 2011|desc=Hooks you up with a pen pal from Distant Lands, who will write you every day to tell you fun stories and send you free stuff.}}
*Only 1 [[Correspondence]] may be active at once, if you have used another correspondence item, you may choose which one you want to receive mail in the Eudora tab in Options menu.

=== Items Received ===
Every day, at the start of a new ascension, and on use (even if you already received a [[GameInformPowerDailyPro magazine|magazine]] today) you will receive a random message from [[Pen Pal Messages|your pen pal]] with a single item attached. The item received depends on your current ascension restrictions, level and gifts you have received recently.

* If you are in [[Bad Moon]], you will receive {{InlineItem|fistful of ashes}} 
* If you are in Hardcore or Ronin, you will receive an item based on your class and level. 
** If you already have the item appropriate for your level, you will receive the fallback item instead.
{|cellpadding="1" cellspacing="0" border="1" style="text-align:center; max-width:800px;" align="center"
|- style="background-color: whitesmoke;"
|Level
|style="background-color: #FFDDDD"| Muscle classes
| style="background-color: #DDDDFF"| Mysticality classes
|colspan=2 style="background-color: #DDFFDD"| Moxie classes
|-
| 1 &ndash; 4
| {{InlineItem|giant clay ashtray}}
| {{InlineItem|Van der Graaf helmet}}
| {{InlineItem|rubber band gun}}
|-
| 5 &ndash; 9
| {{InlineItem|orange leather lanyard}}
| {{InlineItem|electric crutch}}
| {{InlineItem|pin-stripe slacks}}
|-
| 10+
| {{InlineItem|Monster pants}}
| {{InlineItem|shock belt}}
| {{InlineItem|sticky gloves}}
|-
| Fallback
| {{InlineItem|box of Pokëmann band-aids}}
| {{InlineItem|Okee-Dokee soda}}
| {{InlineItem|correction fluid}}
|}
*If you are not under any ascension restrictions, you randomly receive one of the following:
{|cellpadding="1" cellspacing="0" border="1"  align="center" style="text-align: center"
! Item !! Frequency
|-
| {{InlineItem|fish juice box}} || ??
|-
|{{InlineItem|Li'l Businessman Kit}} || ??
|-
|{{InlineItem|Nuclear Blastball}} || ??
|-
|{{InlineItem|paint bomb}} || ??
|-
|{{InlineItem|stress ball}} || ??
|-
|{{InlineItem|Ultracolor™ shirt}} || ??
|-
|{{InlineItem|willyweed}} || ??
|-
| colspan=2 style="background-color: #EEEEEE;"  | [[Pokëmann]]
|-
|{{InlineItem|Pokëmann figurine: Bloodkip}} || ??
|-
|{{InlineItem|Pokëmann figurine: Duck}} || ??
|-
|{{InlineItem|Pokëmann figurine: Frank}} || ??
|-
|{{InlineItem|Pokëmann figurine: Galumpagump}} || ??
|-
|{{InlineItem|Pokëmann figurine: Hoboking}} || ??
|-
|{{InlineItem|Pokëmann figurine: Kagosan}} || ??
|-
|{{InlineItem|Pokëmann figurine: Magikrap}} || ??
|-
|{{InlineItem|Pokëmann figurine: Moog}} || ??
|-
|{{InlineItem|Pokëmann figurine: Nothing}} || ??
|-
|{{InlineItem|Pokëmann figurine: Porkachu}} || ??
|-
|{{InlineItem|Pokëmann figurine: Shoggoth}} || ??
|-
|{{InlineItem|Pokëmann figurine: Smugleaf‎}} || ??
|-
|{{InlineItem|Pokëmann figurine: Twitter}} || ??
|-
|{{InlineItem|Pokëmann figurine: Vegemite}} || ??
|-
|{{InlineItem|Pokëmann figurine: Vermouth}} || ??
|}
*If you are under [[Standard restrictions]], you will retroactively receive any sent items after the restrictions are lifted. Only aftercore items can be received.

{{Collection|5112}}
{{Mr Store 2011}}